README.md, before:

# Phaser3CMD
Phaser 3 examples for Programming for RealTime (DC9) Communication Multimedia Design @ Hanzehogeschool, Groningen, NL.

In this repository you will find some Phaser 3 examples

These examples build, as much as possible, upon content from earlier classes (Programming Basics mainly). This means that, where possible, new topics were avoided if the thing to explain could be explained using prior knowledge. There are somtimes other, and according to some better, ways to achieve things listed here.

## What does that mean, mainly building on prior knowledge?
I try to avoid ES6 features unless there is no easy alternative. So:
* the exmples use var over let. Just bc Khan Academy still used vars.
* the examples will use object literals where possible over classes.

## Some 'random' notes
Lazy as I am, I rely on the defer attribute of the script tag. This means I do not need to add event listeners for the document being loaded. Bit less JavaScript and therefore a bit less complexity.

Although these examples may be referred to in class, it is a project maintained by me but paid for by no one. Requests for extra examples may therefore be denied based on time available (or the lack thereof)...

If you want to post a request or find a bug, please use the Issues feature of Github to notify me. Easier to track IMHO than email or the various other channels

## The official API docs
https://photonstorm.github.io/phaser3-docs/

## The official examples
https://phaser.io/examples/v3

## Phaser 3 FAQ
https://github.com/samme/phaser3-faq

## Examples list
Below are all the examples from this repository with a note exaplaing what the example explains
* [createCursorKeys](https://github.com/manno-xx/Phaser3CMD/tree/master/CursorKeys) How to respond to the cursor keys to control some in-game object

Commit message:

Added Physics examples for shapes and images and sprites

README.md, after:

# Phaser3CMD
Phaser 3 examples for Programming for RealTime (DC9) Communication Multimedia Design @ Hanzehogeschool, Groningen, NL.

In this repository you will find some Phaser 3 examples

These examples build, as much as possible, upon content from earlier classes (Programming Basics mainly). This means that, where possible, new topics were avoided if the thing to explain could be explained using prior knowledge. There are somtimes other, and according to some better, ways to achieve things listed here.

## What does that mean, mainly building on prior knowledge?
I try to avoid ES6 features unless there is no easy alternative. So:
* the exmples use var over let. Just bc Khan Academy still used vars.
* the examples will use object literals where possible over classes.

## Some 'random' notes
Lazy as I am, I rely on the defer attribute of the script tag. This means I do not need to add event listeners for the document being loaded. Bit less JavaScript and therefore a bit less complexity.

Although these examples may be referred to in class, it is a project maintained by me but paid for by no one. Requests for extra examples may therefore be denied based on time available (or the lack thereof)...

If you want to post a request or find a bug, please use the Issues feature of Github to notify me. Easier to track IMHO than email or the various other channels.

A number of images are used and from different sources. Attention _is_ being paid to licences but a special shout-out to http://www.kenney.nl for his free assetspacks used in this repository.

## The official API docs
https://photonstorm.github.io/phaser3-docs/

## The official examples
https://phaser.io/examples/v3

## Phaser 3 FAQ
https://github.com/samme/phaser3-faq

## Examples list
Below are all the examples from this repository with a note exaplaing what the example explains
* [createCursorKeys](https://github.com/manno-xx/Phaser3CMD/tree/master/CursorKeys) How to respond to the cursor keys to control some in-game object
